what's that a Christmas tree I'm sorry
but can I just say where has the year
gone like it's December where did
january march april may june july august
september-october november go it
honestly feels like we just started the
year and suddenly it's Christmas again
which I don't mind because I love
Christmas I'm just like aging too
quickly so guys as usual I'm here to
teach you something completely useful
not useless never useless I'm here to
teach you how to annoy your family and
friends on Christmas Day now I don't
know what you guys do on Christmas Day
but usually it's a family thing for me
we bring friends and family over and it
can get really really boring sorry
family now my family isn't the kind that
sort of bring out the carols and sit by
the piano and no we just like eat turkey
and seafood and open presents you know
so I feel like it would be really
annoying just to do this why don't we
break out in a song um what's Alana
doing o Christmas tree o Christmas tree
alright well she's lost the plot all
right you don't know that one let's try
silent night haha nah but with a bit of
that Christina Aguilera you ready ok I
thought that was quite good your turn no
Alana just know we wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
we wish you a Merry Christmas and a
happy noon yeah I mean does she think
she's good what was with that inert get
her own stage Santa Claus is Coming
Santa Claus coming he's not very far
away uh what's happening we're gonna
fill your stockings now tomorrow's
Christmas Day you don't choose your
family that's for sure well now I mean
this kind of thing wouldn't work if your
family likes singing my family just
don't really on Christmas Day we just
like eat you know how do I even fit in
this camera that much hello question of
IDEO what do you guys do for Christmas I
want to know do you actually sing at
carols I don't like carols that are like
harbour your ba ba ba ba oh yah oh yah
you know that's just too boring I'd like
putting my spin on it all of our
Christmases but don't run teeth I do too
I do fun and just to get this off my
chest I do not like fingers that do this
like could you chain your radio it's not
working haha what's happening I'm sorry
I'm so excited about Christmas I was
really upset because I didn't get an
advent calendar and Alex being the great
partner he has got me 5 i'm not even
kidding i have 5 advent calendars for
those of you who don't know what an
advent calendar first of all yes I'm 24
and yes i'm a big kid but advent
calendars are you get numbered 1 to 24
on a calendar type thing and they have
chocolates or lollies inside I have a
Cadbury chocolate one I have a dummy one
I just I'm gonna be so bad there should
be a song I'm getting fat for Christmas
Day gonna be huge gonna join the biggest
loser
feel like that would catch on okay bye